CLOUDP-298233: Postman SA support (#428)
mongodb/openapi: tools/postman/collection-description.md

To test out the MongoDB Atlas Admin API collection, start by [creating a free MongoDB Atlas cluster](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/tutorial/deploy-free-tier-cluster/).  
Once you have a cluster, you can [fork this collection](https://learning.postman.com/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-version-control/forking-elements/\#create-a-fork) into your own workspace in order to manage your MongoDB Atlas resources. Make sure to also fork the MongoDB Atlas Administration API Environment at the same time.

> ### Authentication Using Service Accounts (OAuth)

Reviewer: this will appear in the postman collection, correct? wondering where this will get pulled into the docs exactly

Author: Exactly. https://www.postman.com/mongodb-devrel/workspace/mongodb-atlas-administration-apis/overview

> Once you have your cluster up and running, follow [this guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/configure-api-access/) to create new Service Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have your cluster up and running, follow [this guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/configure-api-access/) to create a new service account.
```

> Once created copy your public and private API keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you create a service account, copy your public and private API keys.
```

Reviewer: instead of public and private API keys, should this instead read "Client ID and Client Secret"? I'm admittedly not very familiar with how this feature works yet.

Author: yes. Changed

Set each of these values as secrets in the [Postman Vault](https://learning.postman.com/docs/sending-requests/postman-vault/postman-vault-secrets/): 

- Service Account Client ID: \`mongodb-public-clientid\`  
- Service Account Client Secret: \`mongodb-private-clientsecret\`

#### Digest Authentication

> Alternatively to Service Account you can use [API Keys](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/configure-api-access/) authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively to service accounts, you can use [API Keys](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/configure-api-access/) to authenticate your requests to the Atlas Admin API.
```

Set each of these values as secrets in the [Postman Vault](https://learning.postman.com/docs/sending-requests/postman-vault/postman-vault-secrets/): 

- public API key as the value for a key named \`mongodb-public-api-key\`  
- private API key as the value for a key named  \`mongodb-private-api-key\`

> Additionally to setting those values you would need to manually configure[Digest Authentication in the Collection Authentication Settings](https://learning.postman.com/docs/sending-requests/authorization/digest-auth/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to configuring your public and private API kets, you must configure [Digest Authentication in the Collection Authentication Settings](https://learning.postman.com/docs/sending-requests/authorization/digest-auth/).
```
